 https://codepen.io/kevinscalla/pen/poEyPKV?editors=1100
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? It helps organize the web page
    2. What is HTML used for? To structure sections and content
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? words that give a value to a tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!doctype html>
    7. What is an id? it's an indentifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All Elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? can be used for groups
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div they have a parent child relationship class if for many items, ID for singular ones
    17. What is CSS used for? to style webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page curly brackets
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? ul and li are an example
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? boder: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? / --- / 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -r
    34. Why should I use version control?  keeps code clean and organized
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork - clone - branch - add - commmit- push - pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
